release: v2.1.0 (#6996)
apollographql/router: .changesets/feat_bryn_connection_metrics_2_0.md

Reviewer: Suggestion for first sentence:

> To help monitor pipeline connections, the router now supports the `apollo.router.open_connections` metric:

    - `config.hash` - The hash of the configuration.
    - `server.address` - The address that the router is listening on.
    - `server.port` - The port that the router is listening on if not a unix socket.
    - `http.connection.state` - Either `active` or `terminating`.

> Connections can be held open by clients via keepalive or even just a long-running request, so it's useful to know when this is happening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this metric to monitor connections that are kept open via long running requests or keepalive messages.
```
